Given an Android 3x3 key lock screen and two integers m and n, where 1 ≤ m ≤ n ≤ 9, count the total number of unlock patterns of the Android lock screen, which consist of minimum of m keys and maximum n keys.

 

Rules for a valid pattern:

Each pattern must connect at least m keys and at most n keys.
All the keys must be distinct.
If the line connecting two consecutive keys in the pattern passes through any other keys, the other keys must have previously selected in the pattern. No jumps through non selected key is allowed.
The order of keys used matters.
 


 

Explanation:

| 1 | 2 | 3 |
| 4 | 5 | 6 |
| 7 | 8 | 9 |
Invalid move: 4 - 1 - 3 - 6
Line 1 - 3 passes through key 2 which had not been selected in the pattern.

Invalid move: 4 - 1 - 9 - 2
Line 1 - 9 passes through key 5 which had not been selected in the pattern.

Valid move: 2 - 4 - 1 - 3 - 6
Line 1 - 3 is valid because it passes through key 2, which had been selected in the pattern

Valid move: 6 - 5 - 4 - 1 - 9 - 2
Line 1 - 9 is valid because it passes through key 5, which had been selected in the pattern.

 

Example:

Input: m = 1, n = 1
Output: 9


        #         # use a hash map to contain the adjacency list 
#         lock_screen = {1: [2,4,5], 2:[1,4,5,6,3], 3:[2,5,6]}
        
#         res = 0
#         # for each key in the lock_screen, use it as start to search valid moves:
#         for key range(1,10):
#             # DFS started from each key, maintain the move, not the seen set, cause such DFS could turn back to the seen node, but this seen node should not be recorded into the move again
#             def DFS(start):
#                 stack = [(start, 1)] # use a tuple for the second element recording the path's length
#                 v_move = {} # because need to check if poping out key is already in the move path, in order to support quick search, need this v_move to be a hash map 
                
#                 # loop avoider counter
#                 edge_loop_avoider = {}
#                 while stack:
#                     cur_key, cur_length = stack.pop()
#                     if cur_key not in v_move:
#                         v_move[cur_key] = cur_length 
#                         if m <= cur_length <= n:
#                             res += 1 
                            
#                     # loop avoider
#                     edge = set(cur_key, lock_screen[cur_key][0])
#                     edge_loop_avoider[edge] = edge_loop_avoider.get(edge, 0) + 1 
                
#                     for neighbor in lock_screen[cur_key]:
#                         forming_edge = set(cur_key, neighbor)
#                         if edge_loop_avoider.get(forming_edge, 0) < 2:
#                             stack.append((neighbor, cur_length + 1))
                            
#                         else:
#                             del edge_loop_avoider[neighbor]
                    
#             DFS(key)
        
        
        
        
#         return res
